Automate terraform-modules docs create/update (#247)
cloudposse/docs: templates/terraform-module-page.md

{{- defineDatasource "config" .Env.README_YAML | regexp.Replace ".*" "" -}}
{{- defineDatasource "includes" .Env.README_INCLUDES | regexp.Replace ".*" "" -}}
---
title: {{ (ds "config").name }}
{{- if has (ds "config") "description" }}
description: |-
{{ (ds "config").description }}

> {{- end }}

Reviewer: Add taxonomies:
https://gohugo.io/content-management/taxonomies/#example-front-matter-with-taxonomies

Author: done

> {{- defineDatasource "config" .Env.README_YAML | regexp.Replace ".*" "" -}}

Reviewer: Add a comment to the top of the output indicating that the file was programatically generated from the `REAMDE.md`; ideally, with a link to the file. 

See the comment atop this file: 
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cloudposse/build-harness/master/templates/README.md

{{- defineDatasource "includes" .Env.README_INCLUDES | regexp.Replace ".*" "" -}}
---
title: {{ (ds "config").name }}
{{- if has (ds "config") "description" }}
description: |-
{{ (ds "config").description | strings.Indent 2 }}
{{- end }}
{{- if has (ds "config") "categories" }}

> categories:

Reviewer: I tried doing this for `faq` and it's not working. Can you confirm? (screenshot)

Author: README.yaml
```yaml
tags:
 - aws

categories:
  - faq
```

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/19958900/49015237-8d6cbb80-f193-11e8-9262-88bb5bf5808e.png)
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/19958900/49015250-952c6000-f193-11e8-9301-a367cecaec60.png)

> <!-- This file was automatically generated by the `build-harness` from {{ .Env.README_YAML }} -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- This file was automatically generated from "{{ .Env.README_YAML }}" by running `make terraform-modules/update` -->
```
